Html and Css 

What are iFrames ?
Purpose of iFrames ?
In Which case we use iFrames ?
Create a order list inside unordered list it should be square
Create a four sections images in square type is must be in two top side and two down side
Create a table in web page it will be shared in pdf
Create a nested tables
Create any form using forms
Create a login form using forms
Create a website... It must have navigation part
Using website using header , footer, body which contains contact home and about
Create a website inside it placed some images
Create a any time table using table
Create a 10 rows with 2 columns and left will be an rgb colors and right will be rgba
Create a 2 rows and 2 columns by using hsl properties
Create a web page using fonts
Create a web page using padding
Create a web page using float properties
Create a web page using scroll properties
Create a web page using margin properties
Create a web page using scroll margin properties
Create a web site using box model properties
Create a web page using overflow properties 


Javascript 

 1. Implement login functionality take username and password cross check it
 by username = Admin , password = Admin@123 . If it matches then print
 “login success“ otherwise print “ incorrect username or password “ . If the
 username is correct then only check the password .
 2. Write a function calculateSalary → that accepts two parameters ( monthly
 pay scale , deductions ) : take a fixed amount of salary ( 25 k per month
 and deduct the deductions amount , then display salary .
 3. Implement a function that actualPrice → take cost price and apply 20 %
 discount on cost price , calculate the selling price of a product after
 applying the discount , display the selling price .
 4. Create a Bank Account object with properties as follows
 ● accountNumber
 ● accountHolderName
 ● Balance
 Methods :- deposit ( amount deposited ) , withdraw ( subtract from
 deposited amount ) , checkBalance ( calculate balance after withdrawal ) .
 5. Implement Loan object with properties as follows
 ● loanAmount
 ● interestRate
 ● loanTerm
 Methods :- calculateMonthlyPayment ( to be paid as EMI ) ,
 checkLoanStatus ( calculate the loan status such as how many emis are
 paid what is the remaining amount left to clear the loan including interest )
 6. Implement LoanManager object that can manage multiple loan objects and
 perform operations like approving or rejecting loan applications ( separate
 methods for applying loan , rejecting / approving loan as per some
 eligibility criteria such as employee monthly income >= 30 k per month ,
 need to have minimum balance amount in his account .
 7. Implement a program that checks if a student is eligible for a scholarship
 based on their GPA . If GPA is >= 7.5 then student is eligible for scholarship
 else it will be rejected .
 8. Write a program to display fibonacci series in reverse order
 ( learn about fibonacci series then implement it )
 9. Implement a set of functions that mimic the behavior of a calculator . The
 functions should take two numbers as input and perform the following
 operations : addition , subtraction , division , multiplication , modulus .
 10. Write a program to sort the array of elements in descending order .
11.Write a program to find ( remove the ) duplicate elements from an array of
 elements and display the unique elements .
 12. Implement Google translation for 5 languages ( take a drop down have 5
 language options- hindi , english , french , telugu , dutch . when you click
 on each language the text should be displayed in the following languages
 on ui text :- Hi welcome to google translation ) .
 13.Create a Instagram login form with following validations-> password with 8 chars , atleast 1 ( upper , lower , digit , special symbol )-> username should not have space , digits-> email should end with @gmail.com-> mobile number should accept only digits , exactly of 10 digits
 Keep three options for user to login via mail , username , mobile number ,
 for all three options password is common such as
 Email and password , phone number and password , username and
 password .
 14.Create a timestamp for following cases-> dd/mm/yyyy-> hh.mm.ss->create a format saying min ago , month ago , seconds ago ( 1 min ago , 2
 months ago ) ( real time such as in social media saying after posting
 anything you can see the timestamp of that post ) .
 ( For months check with how system counts january month )
 15.Create a reset password form with following fields New password , Confirm
 password ) add following restrictions-> don't allow user to copy the content-> don't allow user to paste the content
 If the user performs any of the above operations, display him a text below
 in red color saying as “ Copy is restricted “ , “ Paste is restricted” , disable
 the right click option .
 17. Implement a code for the following condition “ If mouse is placed on the
 image it should be able to magnify it “